Login 

Context: User has an account. 

Primary flow 

(1) User inputs valid credentials into appropriate spaces. 

(2) User clicks the login button. 

(3) The server verifies that the credentials correspond to an account. 

(4) The server passes appropriate user data back to the client. 

(5) The user is logged in. 

Alternative flows 

Invalid credentials 

(3a) The server verifies that the credentials don’t correspond to an account. 

(4a) The server passes appropriate error information back. 

(5a) Return to primary (1). 

 

Meal Input 

Context: User is logged in. 

Primary flow 

(1) User selects one or more Ingredient items. 

(2) The user provides a name for the Meal. 

(3) The user presses the “Add Meal” button. 

(4) The server saves the Meal item. 

 

Add To Planner 

Context: User is logged in. 

Primary flow 

(1) User selects one or more Ingredient items and or Meals. 

(2) The user selects a date past or on the current date. 

(3) The user presses the Add Food button. 

(4) The server saves the food information on that day. 

 

View Planner 

Context: User is logged in. 

Primary flow 

(1) The user clicks the “View Planner” button. 

(2) The server verifies that there is food information within the next 30 days. 

(3) The server retrieves all food information within the next 30 days. 

(4) The food information is displayed in chronological order. 

Alternative flows 

No food information 

(2a) The server verifies that there isn’t food information within the next 30 days. 

(3a) The user is informed that there is no food planned within the next 30 days and suggests that the user schedule food information. 

 

Generate Grocery List 

Context: User is logged in. 

Primary flow 

(1) The user clicks the “Generate Grocery List” button. 

(2) The user is prompted to give a time frame for the list. 

(3) The server verifies that there is food information for the given time frame. 

(4) The server retrieves all ingredients in the given time frame including those in meals. 

(5) The ingredients and quantities are listed to the user. 

Alternative flows 

No food information in time frame 

(3a) The server verifies that there is no food information for the given time frame. 

(4a) The user is informed that there is no food planned within the given time frame and suggests that the user schedule food information. 